README.md, before:

# Mr. Roboger's Neighborhood

#### **Epicodus: 10.30.2020**

## By _Callie Stump_
---
## **Description**
This webpages uses an implementation with JavaScript in order to gather user input and display a string to the user based upon what they have entered. The string could equal three values: "Won't you be my neighbor", "Boop", and "Beep".

## **Setup**
1. Copy this download link: https://github.com/calliestump/Friday3.git
2. Open bash and go to the directory where you would like to store your cloned project.
3. Clone the repo.
```
git clone https://github.com/calliestump/Friday3.git
```
4. Navigate to the cloned project folder and open VS code.
```
$ cd Desktop
$ cd [known directory]
$ code .
```
#### Dont forget that in order to push any changes you need to add your own GitHub repo. to your project.
```
git remote add origin [repo. link]
```
## **Technologies Used**
* HTML
* JavaScript
* jQuery
* CSS
* Bootstrap
* GIT
* GitHub
* Node

## **Specs**
```
Describe: compare()
Test: "It returns false if user input is a string"
Expect (compare("hello")).toEqual(false);
```
```
Test: returns true if user input is an integer
Expect (compare(3)).toEqual(true)
```
```
Test:
Expect:
```
## Legal
Copyright (c) 2020 Callie Stump

Commit message:

adds sequential numbers to user created array

README.md, after:

# Mr. Roboger's Neighborhood

#### **Epicodus: 10.30.2020**

## By _Callie Stump_
---
## **Description**
This webpages uses an implementation with JavaScript in order to gather user input and display a string to the user based upon what they have entered. The string could equal three values: "Won't you be my neighbor", "Boop", and "Beep".

## **Setup**
1. Copy this download link: https://github.com/calliestump/Friday3.git
2. Open bash and go to the directory where you would like to store your cloned project.
3. Clone the repo.
```
git clone https://github.com/calliestump/Friday3.git
```
4. Navigate to the cloned project folder and open VS code.
```
$ cd Desktop
$ cd [known directory]
$ code .
```
#### Dont forget that in order to push any changes you need to add your own GitHub repo. to your project.
```
git remote add origin [repo. link]
```
## **Technologies Used**
* HTML
* JavaScript
* jQuery
* CSS
* Bootstrap
* GIT
* GitHub
* Node

## **Specs**
```
Describe: compare()
Test: "It returns false if user input is a string"
Expect (compare("hello")).toEqual(false);
```
```
Test: returns true if user input is an integer
Expect (compare(3)).toEqual(true)
```
```
Describe: createUserInputArray
Test: returns true if there is an int value to create the string off of
Expect: (createUserInputArray()).toEqual(true)
```
```
Describe: replace()
Test: returns true if user input matched a presupplied number (1,2,3);
Expect: (replace()).toEqual(true)
```

## Legal
Copyright (c) 2020 Callie Stump
